+++
title = "I quit my job"
date = 2023-11-29

[taxonomies]
categories = ["philosophy"]
+++

Today was my last day at Nasdaq. I wanna discuss something I've wanted to say there or on here but could not. Warning might be a little existential.

I have had a hard time trying to find myself or who I want to be. Sometimes I even wonder if I actually love this field. On one hand, I am extremely unmotivated from school, I am supposed to have a report done by Friday, but I haven't even started. Then I also created a sick [homelab](https://github.com/21st-centuryman/homelab), it is the creation I am the most proud of. 

I don't think I have been happy at any of my workplaces. I have a philosophy that work and life is connected. However, every job I get seems to be such a waste of my life. I often found myself walking around Nasdaq being sad and depressed, feeling not only that my own life was wasted but also that of my colleagues. My work was 40% meetings; scrum killed me; my products had bugs but features were prioritized. I realized why it is an industry that will not die. If it fucks up my tax money will bail it out. If it really fucks up they will just be replaced by a new board. This created a situation of stagnation, if I wanted to ever work on something new, exciting, fun, and actually helpful there were 300 hoops to jump through, regulatory issues, proxy issues, op sec.ot to mention my resources could still be used to pump more features into the same software we have been working on for 5 years. I get paid 160 sek an hour, trust me I am basically free for this company, why the fuck didn't you let me build? I guess this is what stagnation looks like.

It was worse at Amazon, I could get short anxiety attacks about wasting my life. This is not coming from an overprivileged Zoomer who can't work. All I want to do is work, I wanna build, I wanna spend sleepless nights in an office and matter. I guess that's what we all strive for; meaning. Some people think they will find it in money. You won't, the reward function will end at a point, this is why money doesn't buy happiness [after a point](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2023/03/08/money-wealth-happiness-study/). My meaning comes from family, from friends, from building. I want stuff that matters. 

I realized that right now I am much less happy than when I left my job at SEB. God, I hated that job. However, I have noticed a pattern between developers there, Amazon, and Nasdaq.

I am different, I have energy and a love for this field, that the average developer doesn't. I spend all my time learning science and technology. I want to cure diseases, build AI, create 3d printers, and mine asteroids. I care so much about my potential and work, I want it to be exceptional. It's just that,  in order to become a 10x developer, you need to work for a place that encourages that behavior. I had to leave Nasdaq for my own sanity. I have been thinking about leaving for 6 months now, my only regret is that I didn't do it sooner.

I guess I just wanna say. I quit my job. I find my soul to be free. I find more meaning, I want to build. I am happier.


More optimism coming soon, I had to get this off my chest.
Let's build the future motherfuckers.
